he'll okay this is going my name is
Darin and today i'll talk to you guys
how to swap in arenas we have a perfect
example here rohila vs real killer
combat assassination priest monk so how
do you swap first of all the basics you
want to make sure to get a drink instead
of the enemies and you do it through
cross DC or back-to-back chain CC while
applying pressure to name team like
right here gouge into the monk blind one
using sustained pressure in order to sit
on to the rogue forces the monk to drink
it in order to make sure that his rogue
is still alive and will make a full
recovery after the damage of simply
sustain that a comet will put out and
the whole idea of law swapping targets
is really really simple and I'm going to
break down two guys as simply as I can
it's a easy strategies I have but it
also comes to my play style of the way I
play the game since my don't match with
some of your philosophies and a
completely fine if it doesn't all I
gotta say is it works for me got me some
rating and I'm happy the way I do it so
let's get on to it the way that a player
runs swaps is in this fashion let's say
the animu rogue is sitting on my healer
this way I'm going to do one of the two
things what I'm trying to accomplish is
get the rogue off of my healer not by
crowd control but forcing them to get
off of the healer and get on me there's
two ways i can do that one i can go sit
on the healer your home sit on the monk
i can test the water so i can start auto
attacking see if i get molded sharp
rocks see if i can get stunned see if i
can get any pressure and you will never
know just how much pressure you can deal
to somebody and let's just start sitting
on them start touching them and see just
how much damage you're able to put out
so that's one strategy second is to
start sitting on the dps and cross crowd
control the healer in order to force the
enemy team to start playing defensively
and really notice you that's what you're
trying to really do is you're trying to
get the enemy team to notice you and to
understand that you are fo that you are
going to mean business that you are
going to you know do everything in your
power in order to make sure that the
name is dead and you do the through
cross CC and damage now that I got
myself in a better situation with the
rogue is sitting on with the monkey
sitting on me and both have triggered it
through see
I'm able to simply stay and sit either
on the road or the monk with my priest
at a safe distance all I need to watch
out is for positioning if the monk is
skin in a position way he's going to CC
my priest then I need to know I need to
pop some defenses or at least keep a
faint up against the rogue if the rogue
is starting to swap on to the helo I go
back to my first strategy sit on the
healer if not cry CC Hiller and sit on
the rogue it's a really simple strategy
but as long as they're sitting on me the
priest is able to heal me from a
distance I don't have to watch out for
enemies positioning because they are
away from my healer and I'm able to go
and go through my cool downs and go
through my CC and initiate the kill and
my priest or whatever he'll you're
running with is able to follow through
with others you see they have or may be
any specific damage they might have let
say holy paladin so that's how I swap
guys hopefully guys enjoyed this video
and hopefully this helped you a bit left
to right if you guys have any questions
on the how to swap or any specific
questions about this video let me know
in the comments below and I'll be happy
to help otherwise hope you guys having a
good one and i'll see you guys in the
next one